Consolidate source + remove tests (#63)
fivetran/dbt_iterable: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_iterable v1.0.0

[PR #63](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_iterable/pull/63) includes the following updates:

## Breaking Changes

### Source Package Consolidation
- Removed the dependency on the `fivetran/iterable_source` package.
  - All functionality from the source package has been merged into this transformation package for improved maintainability and clarity.
  - If you reference `fivetran/iterable_source` in your `packages.yml`, you must remove this dependency to avoid conflicts.
  - Any source overrides referencing the `fivetran/iterable_source` package will also need to be removed or updated to reference this package.

>   - Update any iterable_source-scoped variables to be scoped to only under this package. See the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_iterable/blob/main/README.md) for how to configure the build schema of staging models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Update any iterable_source-scoped variables to be scoped to only under this package. See the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_iterable?tab=readme-ov-file#changing-the-build-schema) for how to configure the build schema of staging models.
```

- As part of the consolidation, vars are no longer used to reference staging models, and only sources are represented by vars. Staging models are now referenced directly with `ref()` in downstream models.

### dbt Fusion Compatibility Updates
- Updated package to maintain compatibility with dbt-core versions both before and after v1.10.6, which introduced a breaking change to multi-argument test syntax (e.g., `unique_combination_of_columns`).
- Temporarily removed unsupported tests to avoid errors and ensure smoother upgrades across different dbt-core versions. These tests will be reintroduced once a safe migration path is available.
  - Removed all `dbt_utils.unique_combination_of_columns` tests.

>   - Removed all `accepted_values` tests.

Reviewer: Checked both packages, don't think we had this test, can remove. 
```suggestion 
```
